1. Regarding the color of the core Five Elements community, the node colors of the early basic network framework were only used for demonstration or basic verification. In fact, there are variations in the color of the Five Elements in many classics, such as the wood attribute. Blue is quite common, but in Xunzi's "Persuasion on Learning", it is described as "blue comes from blue..." Blue is a blue color, not green, but green is usually considered the color of the wood community, after all, trees and grass are green; The color of the water community is also the same. Generally speaking, it is blue for everyone, but many classics believe that it is black. Black is black with red, not pure black, which may be the difference between the innate five elements and the acquired five elements.  
1.关于核心五行社区颜色，早期基础网络框架的节点颜色，仅做演示或基础验证，实则五行颜色，多部典籍存在异文，如木属性，青色是比较常见的，但《荀子·劝学》中描述是“青出于蓝…”青色是蓝色系，而不是绿色，但绿色通常被认为是木社区的颜色，毕竟树木、草是绿色的；水社区颜色也如此，一般来说对于大家是蓝色，但多部典籍认为是玄色，玄色，是黑中带红，非纯黑，说有可能是先天五行与后天五行的区别。 
2. For some complex relationship nodes, I mainly provide brief annotations in parentheses.  
2.部分复杂关系节点的异文，我主要为括号简要标注。

3. The node table has not undergone data cleaning, and there are approximately 19 complex relationship nodes in each dimension, most of which are based on the theory of the Five Elements of Traditional Chinese Medicine and temporal nodes. The Big Five personality traits are scored as follows: Wood, with high openness and agreeableness, and moderate extraversion.  
3.节点表未做数据清洗，且各维度共有约19个为复杂关系节点，大多为中医五行理论与时序节点，大五人格采取评分示例：木，开放性宜人性高，外倾性中。 
4. In addition to the common traditional Five Elements relationship nodes, additional complex relationship nodes such as Sixty Jia Zi Na Yin, Twenty Four Solar Terms, Twenty Eight Mansions, Three Elements and Nine Elements Industry, Qi Men Dun Jia Nine Palaces and Eight Gates, and Five Elements have multidimensional attributes, ranging from the secondary attributes of Gan Zhi, Yin Yang, and literary imagery, to the tertiary and tertiary attributes of Three Elements and Nine Elements Industry, and Sixty Jia Zi Na Yin. 
 4.除常见的传统五行关系节点外，另增加六十甲子纳音、二十四节气、二十八宿、三元九运行业、奇门遁甲九宫八门与五行等，多个复杂关系节点存在多维属性，少得如干支，阴阳与文学意象二级属性，多的如三元九运行业三四级属性，六十甲子纳音也是。 
5. Due to the non-linear correspondence between most complex relationship nodes and the core five element community, it is recommended to voluntarily adopt machine learning algorithm strategies (such as random forest) to cooperate with the early community discovery of the shortest path processing in the future.  
5.由于多数复杂关系节点与核心五行社区存在非线性对应关系，后续建议可自愿采取机器学习算法策略（如随机森林）配合前期的社区发现最短路径处理。 
6. Considering that I am a member of the neurodiverse community that loves traditional culture, I am only responsible for providing basic ancient book sorting and summarization work, as well as necessary design assistance. Please forgive me.
6.鉴于我是热爱传统文化的神经多样性群体一员，我只负责提供基础的古籍整理、归纳工作，以及必要的设计协助，还请见谅。
